Update README (#4898)
LiskHQ/lisk-desktop: docs/PR-GUIDE.md

> ##### Before creating PR make use that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Make sure to adhere to the following points below before creating a PR:
```

> - The PR have an issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PR has an issue.
```

> - All conflicts are resolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All conflicts are resolved.
```

> - The PR follows our [Test guide](/docs/TEST_GUIDE.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PR follows our [Test guide](/docs/TEST_GUIDE.md).
```

> - The PR follows our [CSS guide](/docs/CSS_GUIDE.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PR follows our [CSS guide](/docs/CSS_GUIDE.md).
```

> When you're done, submit a pull request and for one of the maintainers to check it out. We would let you know if there is any problem or any changes that should be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're done, submit a pull request and one of the maintainers will check it out. You will be informed if there are any problems or changes that may need to be considered.
```
